---
layout: post
title:  "Manifesto for Agile Software Development"
date:   2020-02-06 10:00:00 -0300
categories: SoftwareDev
---

# Agile Manifesto
I just came across the [Agile Manifesto](https://agilemanifesto.org/) and wanted to share it with you all.

>Manifesto for Agile Software Development
>
>We are uncovering better ways of developing software by doing it and helping others do it. Through this work we have come to value:
>
>- Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
>
>- Working software over comprehensive documentation
>
>- Customer collaboration over contract negotiation
>
>- Responding to change over following a plan
>
>That is, while there is value in the items on the right, we value the items on the left more.
>
>Principles behind the Agile Manifesto
>
>We follow these principles:
>
>1.	Our highest priority is to satisfy the customer through early and continuous delivery of valuable software.
>2.	Welcome changing requirements, even late in development. Agile processes harness change for the customer's competitive advantage.
>3.	Deliver working software frequently, from a couple of weeks to a couple of months, with a preference to the shorter timescale.
>4.	Business people and developers must work together daily throughout the project.
>5.	Build projects around motivated individuals. Give them the environment and support they need, and trust them to get the job done.
>6.	The most efficient and effective method of conveying information to and within a development team is face-to-face conversation.
>7.	Working software is the primary measure of progress.
>8.	Agile processes promote sustainable development. The sponsors, developers, and users should be able to maintain a constant pace indefinitely.
>9.	Continuous attention to technical excellence and good design enhances agility.
>10.	Simplicity--the art of maximizing the amount of work not done--is essential.
v11.	The best architectures, requirements, and designs emerge from self-organizing teams.
>12.	At regular intervals, the team reflects on how to become more effective, then tunes and adjusts its behavior accordingly.
